Point pair registration (#1933)
CloudCompare/CloudCompare: CHANGELOG.md

			from the to-be-aligned local entity coordinate system to the reference entity global coordinate
			system will be output in the Console
		- the Align tool will now output the list of points used and the final distance between them in the Console

> 		- the Align tool shows error along X,Y,Z axis in the Widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- the Align tool will now show errors along X, Y and Z axes in dedicated columns.
```

	- The bottom left scale was not always correctly displayed when rendering the screen with a zoom > 1 (both in terms of width and position)
	- The Primitive Factory 'precision' field was not used
	- The command line -FEATURE now sets cloud name. So if it is saved with -SAVE_CLOUDS it will not overwrite the original cloud. 

> 	- Fix PointPairRegistration applied wrong transformation if any rotation was constrained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- The Point Pair registration ('Align') tool would generate a sub-optimal translation if any rotation was constrained
```
